Xana_Metaverse
DJAI proudly presents the biggest metaverse project in Japan. DJAI handled the full development of this project together with noborderz. And Xana was the biggest Metaverse project in Japan and one of the biggest in the world hitting 200million USD market cap at its prime time. The app is available on IOS store and google play store. On top of the metaverse game, there are also NFT Duels and has a full ecosystem itself including Xana NFT Marketplace. The project partnered up with famous Anime series and had the IP to issue NFTs for them , some notable names are Astro Boy and Ultraman.

Flipper_Onchain_Game

A coin flipper game with onchain oddity.
To give player a transparent gaming experience as odds are all onchain and 100% transparent , unlike traditional games with random odds.

Pump_Dump_Price_Prediction_Game

A 30 second pricing prediction game based on real market value of Ethereum and Bitcoin. Player guess if the price will be an upward or downward trend in the next 30 seconds and have their game credit as input and get rewards accordingly. Data are all onchain data, and odds follows real time price index of highly traded assets , hence give player the full transparency and trust.

Kong_Banana_Tapping_Game

A telegram mini game , that is of tap to earn category. Player join the game and start tapping to earn Banana tokens, and refer more friends to get rewards in the game such as energy recharge, tapping boost ,etc. A perfect app for making a viral community through daily engagement, fun and addictive experience even just by tapping with great music , SFX and hectic feedbacks and also a balanced game economy and growth milestone.

Siamese_Cat_Vs_Dog
A viral mini game that helps a Thailand cat cafe to do viral marketing, with a balanced 5 stages and 3 difficulty level, challenging everyone on the internet to hit the highest leaderboard score and gives cafe airdrop rewards time to time to reward winners. It aims to create a viral sharing of leaderboard which contains marketing links to the cafe. Game is highly balanced and every single pixel asset are designed by DJAI. It might look simple to make but the real difficulty in this is on its funny design and also balancing the game diffculty for different types of player so it does not get too easy or too hard for player and have good escalation of game progress and game does not feel repetitive but full of interesting surprise.
